Forking off appeals to their own page (#338)
arXiv/arxiv-docs: help/moderation/index.md

It is possible to appeal the classification of an announced article or the decision to decline a submission. In some cases, we may require that a paper be accepted for publication in a conventional journal before an appeal is considered. Note that some works that have been published or accepted by a journal may still be declined at arXiv’s discretion.

> If you disagree with a moderation decision, you may [appeal](appeals) for your desired outcome. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you disagree with a moderation decision, you [may appeal](appeals). Please be sure to carefully [read through the appeals process](appeals) to ensure your request is fully considered.

```
